[CECILY growls]
[DORIS]
Hmm...
So this is Cambell House, huh?
It's a lot smaller than
I thought it would be.
I thought you were
a noblewoman, Cecily.
I'm a former noble.
You didn't say that before!
Well, I would've if you'd
let me get a word in edgewise!
That's enough, Doris.
We'll just have to deal until
the Emperor gives us his reply.
It's not that bad...
[CHARLOTTE] It's better than
staying at some run-down hotel.
Ah... Ah!
[FIO] I've heard just about
enough out of you little lady.
You're lucky to be staying
at the Cambell House.
What do you think you're
doing to the princess?!
--Yeah, unhand her!
--How dare you manhandle her!
[FIO]
Quitcher yappin'!
I'm the keeper of
Cambell House, Fio Adkins.
Which means I'm in charge
of everything that goes on
in this place.
What I say goes.
But you're nothing more
than a lowly servant girl!
You have no right to speak
to a princess that way!
I don't really give
a crap who you are, kid.
[gasps]
[FIO] Royalty or not, in my
eyes, you're just a bunch of
freeloaders, and I
don't put up with that.
In fact, we have a saying
in my family.
[CHARLOTTE gulps]
There's only one thing
to give a mooch.
Death.
[groaning]
You three look
absolutely precious!
[CECILY] And stupid.
[chuckles]
[DORIS] Quit laughing!
I'm gonna get you for this!
It's bad enough to make us
wear these frilly maid outfits,
but I can't believe you're
forcing Princess Charlotte
to wear one, too!
You're gonna pay!
Doris, no!
Damn you!
[groaning]
[CECILY]
Wow, Fio.
Don'tcha think maybe you're
being a little rough on them?
[FIO] They're getting
their just desserts, Miss.
I will not allow these three
brats to make a mockery
of the Cambell House.
--And you.
--Ah!
I heard you ordered them
to attack Miss Cecily.
Well, you better be
on your best behavior,
'cause I got my
eye on you, missy.
Um, okay, I promise I'll
behave from now on.
[FIO] Good, 'cause
I hate diggin' graves.
[CHARLOTTE]
Poor Doris...
[BOTH chuckling]
Fine! I see what you guys
are trying to do here.
To prove that we're
not freeloaders,
the four of us will work
to repay you for our stay.
However!
I want you to work with us!
Uh. Who me?
All you ever do is
stand there and smirk.
It's only fair that
you do your part, too!
You're delusional.
I'm the one who's
in charge here, you know.
Huh, not a bad idea, kid.
Don't you think this sort
of thing is best left
to the professionals?
And let's not forget that I'm
the master of the Cambell House.
Plus, not only that,
but I'm also a very busy knight,
so I don't have time
for household chores.
Besides, I don't
look good in ruffles--
--they kinda give me hives.
--[FIO] Save your breath, Miss.
This isn't funny, Fio!
Let go of me right now!
My goodness. What's all
the commotion in here about?
Oh, hello, Mrs. Cambell.
It seems you have some new
servants, at least temporarily.
Well, that's wonderful.
As they say, "the more
the merrier," right?
[CECILY whimpers]
Calm down, Fio!
I'm telling you,
this is not a good idea!
Don't worry. This won't hurt.
It'll be over
before you know it.
[CECILY] Cut it out!
I demand you stop!
[FIO]
Yeah, yeah.
Wah! Why's this happening to me?
[LISA] We picked up
a bunch of scrap metal today!
Yeah, but walking around
to collect it is such a pain.
I don't think you should
be complaining when
we're getting it all for free!
[MAN A]
Hey! Got some more for you!
[gasps]
Coming!
[MAN A] Here ya go.
You can take these two pieces.
[LISA]
Wow! Thank you so much, sir!
[grunting, yelling]
[LUKE] Why'd I come
to her rescue again?
I have better things
to do than get involved
in other people's business.
I have my own problems.
Memories that haunt me
to this very day.
So, why...?
[LUKE gasps]
Lisa?
[CECILY]
Oh! Um. Uh.
Luke!
Uh. Yeah, so, uh, what
the hell are you doing here?
[LUKE] I dunno, what the
hell're you wearing?
[LISA] Luke! Hey,
I've been looking for you.
Something wrong?
Ah!
Ahh! Oh, my goodness!
You look so cute, Miss Cecily!
So why're you dressed
like a maid?
Uh, Fio is forcing me to wear
this while I do chores
for the Cambell House.
Doesn't she work for you?
Don't look at meeee!
[LISA]
Uh-oh. The apples!
I don't understand why
you're so embarrassed.
Well... I'm supposed
to be a fearless knight...
And now I'm all frilly!
Yeah, well. You don't
have to freak out.
It looks good on you.
[gasps]
Huh. I don't think I've
ever seen you blush before.
[CECILY]
You...!
--Ah!
--Don't look at me!
[LISA] Miss Cecily!
You forgot your apples!
Gah. What the hell
did I do this time?
[CECILY] I still don't
understand why I have to help.
[coughing]
Hey! Watch it!
I just swept over there!
All you ever do is
get in the way, Cecily.
Oh. Sorry 'bout that.
Here we go. There.
So, um, how many boxes
are there in here anyway?
[CHARLOTTE]
I dunno, it's your house.
I just never realized
there were so many.
[wood creaking]
[PENELOPE]
Cecily, watch out!
[CECILY grunts]
[ALL coughing]
I swear. You can't
do anything right, can you?
[CECILY] Fio always
takes care of this stuff.
[PENELOPE]
Hmm? All by herself?
You mean, you don't ever help
her do anything around here?
[CECILY]
Um, no?
[DORIS]
Princess Charlotte?
Should we start cleaning
the armor next?
[CHARLOTTE] Let's air it out
in the courtyard a little first.
[DORIS]
Good call!
So, how is it that you're so
good at all this cleaning stuff?
Princesses don't do chores.
True. But I'm a
well-rounded princess.
So I've learned to cook and
clean with the best of 'em.
[CHARLOTTE] These girls
have taught me what it's like
to live a normal life.
[CECILY]
A normal life?
Thanks to them, I know how to do
even the most mundane tasks.
But if you're a princess,
you shouldn't have to do--
[MARGOT]
Move it, Cecily!
[DORIS]
You're kinda in the way!
[gasps]
[crashing, clattering]
[CHARLOTTE]
You are the clumsiest person
I have ever met.
[CECILY]
Yeah.
Ow?
Good work, girls.
You guys got a lot done today.
Why don't you go
have a nice bath?
[GIRLS sighing]
Much better...
You know, Cecily, I think you
may be the biggest klutz
on the planet.
Probably because her giant
knockers get in the way.
Right? They're so big,
I wanna squeeze 'em.
--[DORIS, MARGOT] Yeah.
--Squeeze 'em?!
[MARGOT]
I gotcha!
Honk, honk!
[CECILY whines]
[GIRLS giggling, chatting]
[OLD LADY chuckling]
We can't go back yet.
Y'know, not till you finally
decide to hand over
the Demon Sword of Wind.
That's not gonna happen,
so give it up.
[CHARLOTTE]
I'm not leaving here without it.
Guess you're stuck with me.
[sighs] You've already
got four of them--
why do you need another one?
What difference do you think
Aria's going to make?
I must have it.
Without that sword,
I may never be able to
fulfill my mother's wish.
But why don't you just explain
to her you couldn't get it?
[CHARLOTTE] I can't.
She passed away a year ago.
[CECILY gasps]
I'm sorry. I had no idea...
It's okay.
I probably should've
told you that before.
[CECILY]
So, your dagger...
[CHARLOTTE] The Emperor
gave it to my mother,
and she passed it along
to me when she died.
It's the only proof
I have left of my lineage.
Hey, Charlotte?
Can I ask you something?
I don't mean to pry,
but what was your mother's wish?
[CHARLOTTE] My mother always
wanted to return to the Empire
and be recognized as nobility.
[CHARLOTTE] She never
said it to me outright,
but I know she longed for
the Emperor's approval.
Even as a child,
I could see that.
My mother never
badmouthed the Emperor,
even after all the pain
he had put her through.
She just waited...
for him to recognize us.
And eventually, the heartbreak
of waiting took its toll on her.
Until the very end,
she truly believed
the Emperor would come around.
And if my mother
believed in him,
then I can't help but think
that I should, too.
If he would acknowledge
me as his daughter,
maybe he'd recognize
my mother as a noble as well.
That's my hope--
to fulfill her wish.
[DORIS]
Get your hands off my meat!
[MARGOT]
No fair! I already claimed it!
[PENELOPE]
Would you two quit fighting?
[ARIA] Better grab some
pasta before it's gone.
So yummy!
Never woulda thought a sword
could put it away like you can.
Food always tastes better
when you're surrounded
with good company.
Wouldn't you agree?
Yeah.
So, how's your
dinner, Charlotte?
I hope it's to your liking.
There's stuff I've
never tried before,
but my mom taught me
not to be picky.
It certainly sounds like your
mother raised you well.
Oh! I bet you've never
tried lobster before.
I think you'll like it.
[gasps]
Thank you, ma'am.
Yummy!
[FIO] Well, of course it is.
Half my job is in the kitchen!
I don't mind sayin'
I'm a pretty awesome chef!
[PENELOPE]
Guess what, Princess Charlotte?
I helped Fio make dinner.
She was a great helper--
she's got potential.
Who are you kidding?
You couldn't have
done it without me.
[FIO]
Whoa, hold it right there.
[PENELOPE]
You're not the only one
who can cook around here, missy.
[MARGOT]
You tell her, Penelope!
[ALL laughing]
So...
Ya think if we eat
as much as they do,
our boobs will get that big?
Leave my chest out of this.
They must eat a ton--
look at Cecily's rack!
I'd eat a ton too if it'd
get me bigger ta-tas.
You can have my plate, Penelope,
you need to eat this
way more than I do!
Why do you always pick
on me like this, Margot?!
My chest is about
the same size as yours!
It's not like you're
some buxom babe!
[gasps]
[LUCY chuckles]
--Hello, Charlotte.
--[CHARLOTTE] Ah!
[CHARLOTTE]
Your needlepoint is beautiful!
Thank you.
So you know what this is.
Did your mother
teach you how to do it?
[CHARLOTTE}
Mm-mm...
I wish that she had,
but she never got around to it.
Oh...
Well. Would you like to learn?
You want that thread to come in
here and then back through here.
[CHARLOTTE]
You mean, like this?
[LUCY]
Perfect!
Why don't you try working on
one of the flowers for me?
Okay. Like... this?
See? You did it!
Ah!
[LUCY]
You're a natural, Charlotte.
[CHARLOTTE] Thanks for
teaching me, Mrs. Cambell!
[CECILY grunting]
[grunting continues]
[ARIA]
What's the matter?
[CECILY]
It's nothing.
I just feel weak compared
to Doris and the other girls.
I'm sorry I couldn't
protect you.
[CECILY] I should be the one
apologizing to you.
I wasn't able
to protect you either.
I just need to be prepared
if it happens in the future.
[ARIA] Mm... We won't let
that happen to us again.
[CECILY] You have so much power,
it's overwhelming.
I have to learn to control it.
[screaming]
[gasps]
[grunts]
Aria... I need to
ask a favor of you.
If it's not a bother, could you
practice with me for a while?
Sure thing, it won't
take too long will it?
Sorry, you got somewhere
you need to be?
[ARIA chuckles] No, but in
exchange I'd like a favor, too.
[VENDOR]
Sure I can't change your mind?
They're in season,
and fresh like me.
Okay, just one.
[BOTH laugh]
[MARGOT] I think we might've
gone overboard, ladies.
Well, you guys eat a lot,
so I'm not too worried about it.
You should eat like us.
Don't you want
your boobs to grow?
Margot! Would you please
stop picking on me?
--[DORIS chuckles]
--[PENELOPE] Shut up, Doris!
it's not funny!
I'm not laughin' at you.
I was just thinkin'
I kinda like this lifestyle.
D'you mean that?
Ah! No, only kidding!
Oh. Well, I have noticed
you guys seem to be
a lot happier here.
No, that's not true!
Right? Help me out.
Actually, I have
to agree with Doris.
It's been a long time since
I've seen you look as happy
as you have here,
Princess Charlotte.
[giggling]
[DORIS]
Hmm...
That's ridiculous.
But I promise we
haven't forgotten about
our goal, Princess.
That's right!
We're pals, so,
we're gonna protect you
no matter where we end up!
[gasps]
Let's go. Fio's going to
yell at us if we're late.
[GIRLS]
Right.
[CECILY] As you can see,
this is where the Knight Guard
are keeping three of
their Demon Swords.
And Evadne's being held
in one of the jail cells
just to be safe.
It's wild. I hadn't
realized there were so many
different kinds
of Demon Swords.
Sometimes, I think staying
in sword form forever
must be a blessing.
--[CECILY] Hmm?
--[PATTY] Hey, Cecily?
The Captain is looking for you.
Be right there. Sorry, Aria.
It's fine. I can just wait
for you here if you'd like.
Yeah, okay.
[door creaks]
[ARIA] I've heard a lot
about you Evadne.
I was pleasantly surprised
to learn there was
another sword like me.
There's a question I've
been wanting to ask you.
[ARIA] As far as I know, you and
I are the only Demon Swords
capable of taking human form.
Why are we different
from all of the others?
Why won't you answer me?!
What is our purpose?!
Why can we take human form
when others can't?!
[EVADNE]
We are Demon Swords.
Demons born of
the Demon Contract,
who happen to take
the shape of a sword.
That is what we are.
[ARIA]
I know! That's not what I asked!
I wanna know why
we exist in the first place!
Oh, you'll find out. Trust me.
When the time comes,
you'll know.
[gasps]
Hey, uh, Cecily?
Forget it, I'm not gonna switch
cleaning days with you again.
[DORIS] No, why are you
treating us so well?
You don't have to.
What do you mean?
[gasps]
Even though we tried
to steal Aria from you,
you're still nice to us.
[CECILY]
Well, of course. Don't be silly.
[gasping]
Everybody makes
mistakes sometimes.
I've forgiven you.
[PENELOPE]
You have?
Now that I've lived
with the three of you,
I know you're good people.
You're just trying
to make Charlotte happy.
[ARIA chuckles]
Yeah, we try.
But you won't gain
anything from this--
we can't even pay you
for letting us stay here.
[CECILY] I'm not looking for
any kind of payment.
I just happen to be
a nice person. [chuckles]
Your father would've said
the same thing, Miss.
You remind me so much of him
sometimes it's uncanny.
Well, if Cecily
takes after her father,
it explains why she's
so masculine, huh?
[CECILY] "Masculine"?!
What're you talking about?!
I'm as girly as you are!
[GIRLS laughing]
[CECILY growls] Okay, so maybe
I'm not as girly as you.
But still.
[CHARLOTTE]
Mother!
[LUCY]
Huh?
Charlotte.
Come in, child. It's okay.
Isn't this breeze
just wonderful?
Mrs. Cambell?
Is there something
wrong, my dear?
No, not at all.
I just wanted to say thank you
for letting us stay here
at Cambell House.
I'm happy.
And I really have enjoyed
the time we've spent together.
But soon, I'll get a reply
from the Emperor,
and my time here
will come to an end.
But I don't wanna leave.
[sobs]
I feel so completely lost.
This is the first time I've ever
felt like this and it scares me.
I know it must be hard.
[CHARLOTTE] Lately, I've been
thinking maybe it'd be better
if I didn't go
back to the Empire.
That maybe I should just stay
here where I'm happy.
But no! I can't let
my own selfishness
get in the way of fulfilling
my mother's wish.
I just... I couldn't
live with myself.
[CHARLOTTE] All this time,
I've lived for the sole purpose
of making my mother's
wish come true.
But now, I'm torn between her
dying wish and my own happiness.
If I choose happiness,
do you think she'll forgive me?!
Please help me...
Tell me what to do,
Mrs. Cambell...
[sobbing]
Charlotte, you poor thing.
I'm sorry. I'm afraid I can't
make that decision for you,
my dear. But I'm sure your
mother would want nothing more
than for her daughter
to be happy.
Really...? Do you think so...?
[LUCY]
Mm-hmm. It's like I tell Cecily.
Always remember this.
"Do not live your life
for other's happiness,
but for your own."
[CHARLOTTE]
Live... for my own happiness?
Mrs. Cambell?
Are you sure that's okay?
I'm sure.
Your mother would be proud.
I've finally received
a reply from the Emperor.
Good. I'm ready
to hear what he says.
Yes, I think we've all
waited long enough.
"Dear Mayor Housman,
I regret to inform you
I have no descendant with the
name Charlotte E. Firobisher."
[gasping]
[HOUSMAN] "These women
are bandits who have stolen
our precious Demon Swords.
They are abusing my good
name for their advantage.
The dagger the child presented
to you is counterfeit.
I ask that you please return
the Demon Swords
you've confiscated.
I also request extradition of
the imposters, as they've earned
the wrath of the Empire."
[gasps]